hey guys welcome to lingo marina the
last time
i filmed in this dress the video got
over a million views so
fingers crossed that this dress is doing
some magic
on this channel and uh we're gonna get
over a million views
let's do it today we're going to talk
about the word because
the word that i really like to use and
the word that you really like to use but
there are some really good alternatives
out there
that will make your speech more
diversified and more beautiful
so if you're interested in replacing the
word because
in your speech continue watching this
video now the word number one that you
can use
is a word sense and it is
widely used in a conversational language
and
it has the same meaning let me give you
an example since my parents can't come
this weekend
and if you've been watching my videos
you know that when we're talking
about things you can't do cannot do we
emphasize
can't in our sentence so since my
parents can't
come this weekend if you haven't been
watching my videos
hit subscribe button to not miss this
valuable content so since my parents
can't make it this weekend since my
parents can't come this weekend
i suggest we go to a movie theater
i could have replaced it with because
but because we're replacing the cause
i'm saying since since my parents can't
come this weekend
let's go to a movie theater
and since we're friends i know you won't
mind me asking
another great word to use is a word as
and i like both since and as they're
very universal that means you don't have
to
replace anything in the sentence you
don't have to change the word
order you just proceed with the sentence
as is
as my parents can't come this weekend i
suggest we go to a movie theater as
the woman had no friends she went to a
movie theater
alone we could also do since a woman had
no friends she went to movie theater
alone
or we can say because a woman had no
friends
she went to a movie theater alone by the
way guys if you're in the us
congratulations things are gradually
reopening
i've heard that in some states movie
theaters are open not in california yet
but at least indoor dining is now
allowed so
fingers crossed that we're going back to
normal world
i have some anxiety around that by the
way like i'm so used to spending most of
my time at home with my kid
and i don't want to be like running
around meetings and different
conferences
but i also miss that at the same time
let me know what you think in comments
down below what's the situation right
now in your country
do you have lockdowns are movie theaters
open comment down below
and don't forget to connect with other
students in the comments below
so you can practice english with each
other out of
this phrase refers to an explanation of
emotions
or feelings so i can say she did this
because she was curious or i can say
she did this out of curiosity and by
that i mean because she was curious she
did it
but i'm just replacing because without
off he was shaking
out of fear he was shaking because he
was afraid
but we're replacing because and we're
getting
he was shaking out of fear he's acting
out of fear
by the way guys if you're looking for
more ways to make your speech better
i have the whole workbook for you if you
haven't downloaded yet
and you've been watching this channel
then what are you waiting for
this workbook has over 180 pages of
useful content in english from
words that you can use in your everyday
life to synonyms to idioms
to different exercises by the way it has
the whole plan
for a 30-day challenge with different
exercises in english
so if you're serious about english you
have to have this well i think you have
to have this workbook it was created by
me by my
blogger friend who's a very good
designer and by
people who are professional english
language teachers so the link will be
below
it costs less than eight dollars and i
think this book will be really useful
for
a language learner of any level and it
would just give you this extra
motivation and extra
tasks to work on to improve your
language
as long as we use this phrase when we
have two actions
and if one action is true then the other
one is true as well
let me give you an example as long as my
daughter's sleeping
i can finish this video it's actually
because she's sleeping i'm able to
finish this video because if she wakes
up
then i can't continue anymore so as long
as my daughter is sleeping
i can continue recording this video
as long as i can wear it already i'm
happy another synonym
is a word so but it's a little tricky
because
it requires rewording and
let me give you an example because my
tooth ached
i booked a dental appointment with the
word so
it's more consequential i had a
toothache
so i booked a dental appointment
thanks to this expression can be both
positive and negative
uh let me give you a negative example
thanks to my brother
who burned the dinner we will all have
to wait for
pizza delivery so it's not like we're
happy that we're having
a pizza instead of a beautifully
prepared dinner
but thanks to my brother burning this
dinner you know we have to do this this
and that
and the positive example would be thanks
to my current diet
i'm much fitter and healthier now thanks
to her
i got my lures permit do you two we
replace
because off with this expression due to
bad weather conditions
the flight has been canceled because of
the flat has been canceled they they
canceled it due to weather
as a result of is also another great
phrase that you can use instead of
because of
and it explains the results as you can
guess as a result of his efforts
he entered one of the best universities
as a result of recent events
now that is a very nice phrase if you
use it you're automatically one level up
i'm just kidding but it's a very nice
phrase um widely used by native speakers
now that my brother is home
we can finally have dinner so because
we're waiting for him to arrive
and now that he's finally home we can
start eating and
yes it's kind of has the same meaning as
because
but it also reflects that we've been
waiting for something
and now that it happened we can do
whatever
we had planned now that the weather has
been nice for several days
i can cut the grass that's just another
example
i thought he'd leave me alone now that
my brother is gone considering that
it is very similar to as long as but
it's more formal it didn't take us long
to find the right grocery store
considering that it's the only one in
our neighborhood
it wasn't hard to find this grocery
store because it's the only one
and it was obvious we typed it in google
maps and we found it
and now let's do some really really
formal ones on the grounds
that we won't invest in your company on
the grounds that there is no demand for
your service
this is like really un-american american
investors would never
say that they would say you know it
doesn't really fit our investment
criteria
that doesn't really fit our investment
strategy but they would never
say there's no demand for that because
you can't say that unless you've been on
that market or unless you're like
this person who knows everything and
nobody wants to you know seem as a
person who knows everything because
you can't know everything anyways try to
be as polite as possible and
don't use this phrase in such context
i've seen some documents like visa
refusal
we had unfortunately refused your visa
application on the grounds that you
don't meet the criteria
for you know this and that visa so
something really formal something you
would see in the documents
i refuse to answer that on the grounds
that it didn't fit
man seeing that again very similar to
because but it's
very formal seeing that they haven't
raised
any investor money they decided to
change
their business plan so because they
didn't raise any investor money
they decided it's time for a change
seeing that is a great phrase here
in as much as so use this phrase if you
really want to impress somebody who's
checking your exam paper
this is like super advanced
like way advanced i don't use this
phrase i don't hear people use this
phrase
but if you're writing an academic paper
if you want to impress your professor
if you want to sound like a book use
this phrase it as much as
has the same meaning as because and
because of well some people
might use this phrase in their everyday
speech but i just haven't heard a lot of
people use this phrase but let me give
you an example
in as much as i've already done my
research
i can guarantee you there is demand for
this product
in as much as and the last but not the
least in view
of the fact that again super
formal in view of the fact
that you watch this video up to the very
end i want to give you some homework
so again the same meaning is because the
same meaning
as in as much as like all of those super
i would say advanced phrases like you
don't learn that when you're
intermediate because that's
way too much but because we're improving
our speech you know i'm hoping that
you've written this down
so homework as always you can do your
homework in the comments below first of
all it would really help you
because you're doing that instantly and
not doing like
in a week or so you're learning things
right here right now
second it will really help me as
youtube's algorithm would see that
you're commenting on this video
and it would help me promote this video
as well so let's do it
replace the word because in the next
sentences and
write your answers in the comments below
i don't want to go out tonight because i
had a
very difficult day at work replace
because with one of the synonyms that
we've learned today
because i studied very hard i scored 115
out of 120
on toefl i screamed at him
because i was angry and you see these
sentences on your screen now
type down in comments below your
versions with
replaced because thank you guys so much
for watching this video up to the very
end
again it would really help the algorithm
would really help me if you share this
video on your platforms if you do your
homework in the comments below and of
course if you like this video
thank you so much if you're not yet
subscribed this channel then hit the red
subscribe button and i will see you very
soon
in my next videos bye bye